---
title: wolfe290
layout: about
# include CollectionBuilder info at bottom
credits: true
---
Dear Bubber,
                  Mama is just fine. She is busy making N R a table table cover with medallions in it and it is beautiful.
                  When Nell first announced her engagement it was only announced as ‘sometime in June’ and every day we have looked for a date to be set. By the 29th every body had given up as it was rumored that the wedding had been put off until fall as D has had some trouble in Alabama and was threatened with all kinds of lawsuits. It seems that he was operating a ferry in connection with some part of his work and either the ferry turned over or something x and three men were drowned, two negroes and one white man. You know D has foled two other girls by putting off weddingsfrom one season to the other and N’s folks were afraid he might do the same thing again. N took her mother and R Q to xx N to spend the day on the 29th and Mrs R was afraid they xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx N and D xxx were going to get married that day, but she put a stop to any plans they might have had and made them come home and be married on the 30th. I did not believe that N would do anything so foolish as to have such a slop shod affair as this was. It caused a great deal of criticism xx from xxxxxxxxxxx her family circle, as she had a wedding dress ordered and in the making for a fall wedding and after it was rushed up she just married in the suit she had bought for travelling. Tom gave her away and his shirt was buttened in front for once. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx B who is working in the office at Renkin Co, told me that fifteen minutes before the wedding T took a blue serge suit out of stock to wear for the wedding and after the ceremony came back to the store, changed his clothes, and put the suit back in the window. Betty C warbled a little tune and F m played the wedding march? All this part of the mess was planned and arranged after two o’clock and she was married at 5;30.
I am sure Mama wrote you that the city had closed B R’s place up with an ordinance prohibiting such goings on within 300 feet of any residence or property unless you had written permission from each family living within that dis-tance. I believe that this was done entirely by H R, and directed both at B            ‘s place and Miss M .                   Hollis complained that Miss M’s was having drinking and general cutting up at her house every night, so much so that his family could not

